README.md, before:

## Introduction

[`crash.m`](https://github.com/zaikunzhang/test_matlab/blob/master/crash.m) illustrates a bug of
MATLAB concerning [`MEX`](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/mex.html).

## How to crash MATLAB?

Run the following commands in the MATLAB command line under the directory containing `crash.m`.

```matlab
crash('setup');  % crash during `mex('-setup', 'C')`; running `crash` has the same effect
crash('mex');  % crash during `mex(timestwo_src, '-outdir', build_dir)`
```

The above execution crashes MATLAB under Linux, which is confirmed on the following versions.

- R2018b Update 3 (9.5.0.1049112) 64-bit (glnxa64)
- R2019b Update 5 (9.7.0.1319299) 64-bit (glnxa64)
- R2020a (9.8.0.1323502) 64-bit (glnxa64)
- R2021a Update 5 (9.10.0.1739362) 64-bit (glnxa64),
- R2021b Update 1 (9.11.0.1809720) (glnxa64)

If you want to see how the crash looks like, check the
GitHub Action [`Crash MATLAB`](https://github.com/zaikunzhang/test_matlab/actions) of this repo.

To reproduce the crash on your own machine, your MATLAB has to have `MEX` configured for compiling `C`.
On Linux, normally you only need to install `gcc` and then run `mex('-setup', 'C')` in MATLAB.

According to limited tests, the bug does not affect the macOS version of MATLAB. Windows has not
been tested.


## How to fix the problem?

Before MathWorks fixes the bug, the crash can be avoided according to the comments in the function
[`copy_src`](https://github.com/zaikunzhang/test_matlab/blob/e8b16e11624e44f2c7702453994a0d322c6b208b/crash.m#L155)
in `crash.m`.


## Contact

Feel free to contact me if have suggestions or questions.
See my [homepage](https://www.zhangzk.net) for contact information.

Commit message:

elaborate on how to fix the problem in README

README.md, after:

## Introduction

[`crash.m`](https://github.com/zaikunzhang/test_matlab/blob/master/crash.m) illustrates a bug of
MATLAB concerning [`MEX`](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/mex.html).

## How to crash MATLAB?

Run the following commands in the MATLAB command line under the directory containing `crash.m`.

```matlab
crash('setup');  % crash during `mex('-setup', 'C')`; running `crash` has the same effect
crash('mex');  % crash during `mex(timestwo_src, '-outdir', build_dir)`
```

The above execution crashes MATLAB under Linux, which is confirmed on the following versions.

- R2018b Update 3 (9.5.0.1049112) 64-bit (glnxa64)
- R2019b Update 5 (9.7.0.1319299) 64-bit (glnxa64)
- R2020a (9.8.0.1323502) 64-bit (glnxa64)
- R2021a Update 5 (9.10.0.1739362) 64-bit (glnxa64),
- R2021b Update 1 (9.11.0.1809720) (glnxa64)

If you want to see how the crash looks like, check the
GitHub Action [`Crash MATLAB`](https://github.com/zaikunzhang/test_matlab/actions) of this repo.

To reproduce the crash on your own machine, your MATLAB has to have `MEX` configured for compiling `C`.
On Linux, normally you only need to install `gcc` and then run `mex('-setup', 'C')` in MATLAB.

According to limited tests, the bug does not affect the macOS version of MATLAB. Windows has not
been tested.


## How to fix the problem?

Before MathWorks fixes the bug, the crash can be avoided according to the comments in the function
[`copy_src`](https://github.com/zaikunzhang/test_matlab/blob/e8b16e11624e44f2c7702453994a0d322c6b208b/crash.m#L155)
in `crash.m`. To summarize, the problem will not occur if we take any **one** of the following actions
**before** copying the source files from the source directory to the build directory.

1. Clear the mex function to be compiled before compiling it, in case there is a previously compiled
   version in the current workspace.
2. In the source directory, remove any file with the same name as the mex file to be compiled.
3. In the build directory,  remove any file with the same name as the mex file to be compiled.

However, doing any one of them **after** copying the source files cannot solve the problem ---
MATLAB will still crash, but this time during the copying.


## Contact

Feel free to contact me if have suggestions or questions.
See my [homepage](https://www.zhangzk.net) for contact information.
